https://codepen.io/monika-austin/pen/NWNaKEo?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Describes its meaning to both the browser and the develope
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        To create electronic documents called pages that are displayed on the World Wide Web
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        Attributes provide additional information about HTML elements and we put them inside the opening tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        H1 tag is used for titles of the page and used mostly only once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        Img tags and anchor tags
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        <HTML>
    7. What is an id? 
        An attribute that specifies a unique identification for an HTML element used to point to a specific style declaration in a style sheet
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        Any elements
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Only once
    10. What is a class?
        Specifies one or more classnames for an element. The class attribute is mostly used to point to a class in a style sheet.  
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        Any elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        Unlimited times
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        Add a target="_blank" attribute to anchor tags
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        For accessibility
    15. How do I reference an id?
        #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        <section> means that the content inside is grouped (i.e. relates to a single theme), and should appear as an entry in an outline of the page. <div> , on the other hand, does not convey any meaning, aside from any found in its class , language and title attributes
    17. What is CSS used for?
        For describing the presentation of Web pages, including colors, layout, and fonts. It allows one to adapt the presentation to different types of devices, such as large screens, small screens, or printers.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        The difference between an ID and a class is that an ID can be used to identify one element, whereas a class can be used to identify more than one.
        I would use an ID when I want to be more specific. If I want two of the same classes to have a different style I can use ID's to be more specific.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .classname {}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar div a {} 
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state, e.g. they are the first element of their type, or they are being hovered over by the mouse pointer.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: uppercase, lowecase, capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
         right click, select all
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm and you have to be careful because you can't undo an rm
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        To keep track of changes
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        As often as possible
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        cd — start from main directory
        cd directory/project
        git clone URL
        cd (into cloned project name)
        git checkout -b 'Name' (Changes branch)
        Open your file in VSCode— work
        git add . (adds all files)
        git commit -m 'message'
        git push -u origin 'name'

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 